hey this is john kohler with lake martin
voice
here at the end of Mariners
real Island area one thing I forgot to
mention in the intro this is not my
listing its Becky hang meas a Realty
South this house you may know it's if
you it's on the north side a little
collage of creeks I'm gonna pan over
here to the east and you can see Rhode
Island Marine over here and this is the
house that's kind of out on an island by
itself see there's real Island arena
constantly under Mariners Road myself
right here and we're on the lake side
here again if you're familiar with the
real island area you may be familiar
with this house it's real pretty saddle
point see there's a marina again we're
on the north side over here a little
collage acree
here's the like sad day we're gonna have
toward the dot and here's the boathouse
and you can see beyond the boathouse
they've got a covered top boat dock and
I hear an interesting feature I'm not
gonna see this much around like more
chickens
the chickens do not come with sale but
I'm told I guess they're staying warm in
there horse sheep it in there talking to
me now I'm walking up from the boat dot
up to the house come in the front door
Street side door here
all right in the great room obviously
the other will get on the video I'll get
miss Kalman
all right we're standing here with the
listing agent but thank you - you
introduce yourself and tell everybody
how to get to contact you and get more
information
all right thanks a lot thank you is
master bedroom get involved in ceilings
I know I don't mind in the clinic in a
canoe stays right
alright that's about all for this tour
if you want to find out more about late
one real estate go to Lake Martin voice
calm